# CS-320-WK-8
How can i enure that my program is functional and secure? A functional code can be achieved by ensuring proper input validation and output ecoding which will require one to identify all data iputs and sources and validate those that have been labeled as untrustworthy .It can also be achieved through proper authentication needing all passwords to be of sufficient length, an appropriate level of abstraction and complexity to survive any conventional or frequent attacks.Creating a reliable backup would also be essential in helping to handle data protection fast ,conveniently and painlessly with a git backup plan. 
How do i interpret user needs and incorporate them into a program?                                                                                            Successful software projects involve users early and often to explore and reach closure on requirements. To deliver the right product we need to articulate our requirements early on before the cost of fixing requiremennts error kills the development budget. User needs are necessary in adding value to a product, service or environment for any user. They can be incorporated into a program by angaging in a process where users understand their problems ,processes and goals like Functions(which helps developers know what to develop and what to implement). 
How do i approach designing software?                                                                                                                        The main two approcahes to designing software include; software analysis and design which involve understanding project requirements, research and analysis through interviews and surveys to create the foundation of building the entire software, design through wireframing,creating user stories and user interface, prototyping which involves low fidelity and medium fidelity prototype and evaluation. 
